we've known as educators that
astrophysics can be a gateway
Science to other Sciences so I
submit to you whether or not you
embrace the universe because
your enchanted by it i can say
that in a free capitalist
democracy innovations in science
technology engineering and math
the STEM fields will be the
engines of the growth of
tomorrow's economy and on the
assumption that you don't want
to die poor at some point
somebody's going to have to say
let's get people interested in
science and I know of no greater
seductive force than the science
of the universe itself so
whether your interests are
derived from the raw needs of
the economic stability of our
nation or whether you share my
ambitions for turning the
universe into our backyard both
sides of that serve not only our
need to explore something that
may be genetically encoded in
our DNA but it also can do very
well for the economy and these
are what drive me daily to
decode the mysteries of the
universe and share them with all
who will listen